GTO docs (#199)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/gto/get-started.md

---
description:
  'Learn how you can use GTO to create Artifact Registry in Git repository'
---

# Get Started

GTO helps you build a Artifact Registry out of your Git repository. It does so
by creating Git tags of [special format](/doc/gto/user-guide) and managing

> [`artifacts.yaml` metafile](/doc/gto/user-guide). Since committing large files

Reviewer: Instead of a big User Guide, for now we can have a single guide page explaining these formats and their mechanics (again, similar to DVCLive's [Folder Structure](https://dvc.org/doc/dvclive/outputs) doc).

Author: Thanks for the all your feedback. We were releasing MLEM 0.3.0, so I was a bit off this. In general:
1. I processed your feedback - thanks! - feel free to bring more
2. Let's focus on GS, but I'll work on other things while I wait for you
3. Let's see if UG can fit a single page. Don't want to complicate things and write extra things, but it may be required to split in subpages.

Reviewer: Sounds good. Not sure I understood what you're expecting from me (waiting) though. Thanks

Author: Np. Just keep reviewing please 😂

Reviewer: K 🙂

to Git is not a good practice, you shouldn't commit binary files to Git.
Instead, use DVC, Git-lfs, or any method commit pointers to the binary files

> instead.

Author: 1. First, IMHO: yes. You can put everything in a single repo and be OK with that. You can link artifacts from the other repos, e.g. adding `path: https://github.com/iterative/dataset-registery/mnist` to `artifacts.yaml` will register that artifact (although it should be pinned to commit like https://github.com/iterative/dataset-registry/tree/6ac243e9875e5086be1488dacbb56f2c23e44768/mnist, but these are details).
  Second, I get your point about cross-repo Registry and one-repo Registry. If you see a better term, please suggest, otherwise we can just mention it's "single-repo", not "cross-repo".
2. Yes, the example in the link above
3. It's not "machine learning artifact registry" to be precise, so I suggest something like
```
GTO helps you build an Artifact Registry on top of a Git repository (a special case
is Machine Learning Model Registry). You can register relevant versions of your files
(e.g. ML model releases) and assign them to different deployment environments (testing, shadow,
production, etc.). Git-native mechanisms are used, so you can automate the
delivery of your Ml project with CI/CD, and adopt a GitOps approach in general.
```

> instead.

Reviewer: > You can link artifacts from the other repos

OK cool. We should probably use wording that leaves room for this e.g. "build an artifact registry based on one or more Git repositories".

Same for "files and directories", just to be clear.

> (a special case is Machine Learning Model Registry)

Too specific for the intro. Also, I don't understand why artifact registries are not ML but models reg are. But no problem, just avoid "machine learning" here if you prefer.

> instead.

Author: > OK cool. We should probably use wording that leaves room for this e.g. "build an artifact registry based on one or more Git repositories".

There are two things you can think of when you read that phrase. First, it's based on a single Git repo, just because `artifacts.yaml` and git tags should be a part of this one repo. Second, you can reference files/dirs from any folder. Let's better try to address the 2nd with something like `You can register relevant
versions of your files or directories from any source`? To not confuse two ideas.

> I don't understand why artifact registries are not ML but models reg are

I'm trying to convey a different idea: your Artifact registry is general, and could be not-ML-specific at all. I'll remove Model Registry mention in the first paragraph, but will mention we work with MR when we clone `example-gto` repo.

> instead.

Reviewer: > better try to address the 2nd with something like "You can register relevant versions of your files or directories from any source"

"artifact registry based on one or more Git repositories" sounds equivalent to me but if you prefer to use 2 separate sentences, that can work too.

> Artifact registry is general, and could be not-ML-specific

I think it's safe to assume most **ML**EM docs readers are involved in ML, TBH. I think that's our target user?

> instead.

Author: > I think it's safe to assume most MLEM docs readers are involved in ML, TBH. I think that's our target user?

Yes. These docs will be published on dvc.org eventually, btw.

> instead.

Reviewer: > These docs will be published on dvc.org eventually

WDYM? This will go to in mlem.ai/doc/gto right?

│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1 │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.0     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1 │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ -      │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

Here we have 3 models: `churn`, `segment` and `cv-class`. The latest versions of
them are shown in the column named `latest`. The latest is selected as the one
having the greatest [SemVer](https://semver.org).

Model versions could be promoted to different stages. Here we have 3 of them:
`dev`, `prod` and `staging`. When a model was never promoted to a stage, we see
`-` in the field.

## Registering versions and assigning stages

GTO can [register version](/doc/gto/command-reference/register) of artifacts and
[assign them to stages](/doc/gto/command-reference/assign). Both functionalities
work in a similar way, so let's walkthough only one of them here.

Let's suppose the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` was looking very promising,
and now we want to promote it to `dev` to test it:

```cli
$ gto assign cv-class --version v0.1.13 --stage dev
Created git tag 'cv-class#dev#1' that assigns stage to version 'v0.1.13'
To push the changes upstream, run:

>     git push origin cv-class#dev#1

Reviewer: Note: `cli` highlighter interprets `#` as comments (create issue in the theme repo?)

<img width="778" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1477535/198147148-f7f9901a-b62c-4e96-b239-4e618da544dd.png">

Also, the comment is too long and requires horizontal scroll.

> Remember that you can sanity check docs via review apps 🙂

Author: Good idea! Created https://github.com/iterative/gatsby-theme-iterative/issues/104

Reviewer: Thanks

Reviewer: Do we know whether https://github.com/iterative/gatsby-theme-iterative/pull/115 has been ported to this repo's main branch?

```

We can see, that GTO created a Git tag with a special format that contains
instruction to assign a stage to a version. We can push to Git repository to
start the CI, but let's ensure that changed our Registry first.

```cli
$ gto show
╒══════════╤══════════╤═════════╤═════════╤════════════╕
│ name     │ latest   │ #dev    │ #prod   │ #staging   │
╞══════════╪══════════╪═════════╪═════════╪════════════╡
│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1  │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.1     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1  │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ v0.1.13 │ -       │ -          │
│ awesome  │ v0.0.1   │ -       │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧═════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

> As we can see, the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` was promoted to `dev` stage.

Author: 1. Fixed in a different way. "as we can see" was referencing to `gto show` results. Made that clearer.
2. It's not Env. We call it Stage in Studio and in GTO. Agreed the confusion is a problem, we need to think how to clarify that.

> As we can see, the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` was promoted to `dev` stage.

Reviewer: > "as we can see" was referencing to gto show results

What if a reader can't see it right away? Let's not assume things are obvious (but hope they are intuitive). The point is that this kind of language can "scare away" a user -- make them feel dumb.

> It's not Env. We call it Stage in Studio and in GTO

Stages in DVC are something else though so it seems like a possible term conflict. Isn't it mostly called env out there in DevOps for example? Not sure what people say in ML.

> As we can see, the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` was promoted to `dev` stage.

Author: > What if a reader can't see it right away?

Agreed, I'll keep that in mind.

> Stages in DVC are something else though so it seems like a possible term conflict

Yep, we had that discussion some time ago. For good or bad we decided to stick with the term. 🤷🏻

> As we can see, the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` was promoted to `dev` stage.

Reviewer: Maybe call them "deployment stages" for clarity? Just a thought

## Acting downstream

The power of using Git tags to register versions and assign stages is simple: we
can act upon them in well-known way - in CI/CD.

To see how it works, let's fork the
[example-gto repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto) and push the tag we
just created to GitHub. For CI/CD to start, you'll need to enable them on the
"Actions" page of your fork.

<details>

### Step-by-step instruction

> will be here

Reviewer: Would it be easy to setup something like a [post-receive](https://git-scm.com/docs/githooks#post-receive) hook in a local Git remote (bare repo?) to demo this? May be asier to reproduce without leaving the OS, but may also be too obscure...

Author: Good idea, but I want to showcase a real CI job here. IIUC, we can't showcase CI job or anything similar without fork. WDYT?

Reviewer: Makes sense. Maybe we can hide the forking instructions and other `<details>` like that though?

Author: Not sure I got you. We already hide it under `<details>`, right? Do you suggest to remove that at all?

Reviewer: Yeah I see that now. I think the whole sentence about forking would be hidden but it's not major...

---
description:
  'Learn how you can use GTO to create Artifact Registry in Git repository'
---

# Get Started

GTO helps you build an Artifact Registry on top of a Git repository. You can
register relevant versions of your files or directories from any source (e.g. ML

> model releases) and assign them to different deployment environments (testing,

Author: "model releases" is an example of "your files or directories". "other repos" is an example of "any source". 

Yes, it's stages.

> model releases) and assign them to different deployment environments (testing,

Reviewer: Updated suggestion to `register relevant versions of your files or directories (e.g. ML model releases)
from any source (other repos)`. Committing (feel free to revise).

shadow, production, etc.). Git-native mechanisms are used, so you can automate
the delivery of your software project with CI/CD, and adopt a GitOps approach in
general.

> 
> This Get Started will walk you through basic GTO concepts and actions you would
> like to do in the Artifact Registry.

Reviewer: The intro paragraph is already long so this utility sentence can go away I think. This way we get to actionable sections faster:

```suggestion
```

> ## Showing the current state
> 

Reviewer: Thinking about section names, this one can probably be avoided completely (it's just part of the intro, I think i.e. `gto show` is a utility, not a major feature).

```suggestion
```

> [ml model registry]: /doc/use-cases/model-registry

Reviewer: > See also https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/pull/14

Assuming GTO is already [installed](/doc/gto/install) in your active Python

> environment, let's clone the example repo:
> 
> ```cli
> $ git clone https://github.com/iterative/example-gto
> $ cd example-gto
> ```
> 
> This repo represents a simple example of Machine Learning Model Registry (that
> is just a special case of an Artifact Registry for us). Let's review it:
> 
> ```cli
> $ gto show

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, let's clone an example [ML Model Registry] and review it
with `git show`:

```cli
$ git clone https://github.com/iterative/example-gto
$ cd example-gto

$ gto show
```

Note I used `git show` in the md text so it's auto-linked (eventually) to the cmd ref.

+ Link `[ML Model Registry]` to https://mlem.ai/doc/use-cases/model-registry

╒══════════╤══════════╤════════╤═════════╤════════════╕
│ name     │ latest   │ #dev   │ #prod   │ #staging   │
╞══════════╪══════════╪════════╪═════════╪════════════╡
│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1 │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.0     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1 │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ -      │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

> Here we have 3 models: `churn`, `segment` and `cv-class`. The latest versions of
> them are shown in the column named `latest`. The latest is selected as the one
> having the greatest [SemVer](https://semver.org).
> 
> Model versions could be promoted to different stages. Here we have 3 of them:
> `dev`, `prod` and `staging`. When a model was never promoted to a stage, we see
> `-` in the field.

Reviewer: Copy edit/ simplification
```suggestion
3 models, `churn`, `segment`, and `cv-class`, and their `latest` versions (per
[SemVer](https://semver.org)) are listed. We also have 3 stages: `dev`, `prod`,
and `staging`. The model versions (if any) assigned to each stage are shown.
```

## Registering versions and assigning stages

GTO can [register version](/doc/gto/command-reference/register) of artifacts and
[assign stages to them](/doc/gto/command-reference/assign). Both functionalities

> work in a similar way, so let's walkthough only one of them here.
> 
> Let's assume the version `v0.1.13` of `cv-class` looks very promising, and now
> we want to promote it to `dev` to test it:

Reviewer: > Both functionalities work in a similar way

TBH when I go to the 2 cmd refs, I don't see how these functions are so similar. Why mention 2 different commands if we only go over one?

For now... (more text consolidation)

```suggestion
work in a similar way. Let's assume we want to promote version `v0.1.13` of
`cv-class` to `dev`, to test it:
```

Reviewer: > Why mention 2 different commands if we only go over one?

Probably the whole section should just be called **Assigning stages**

Reviewer: However maybe we need a **Registering artifacts and versions** section before?

p.s. the 2nd `sto show` table has a new model called `awesome` -- not sure where that came from.

│ cv-class │ v0.1.14  │ -      │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧════════╧═════════╧════════════╛

> ```

Author: I assumed it's too much content for GS. I guess we need a small tutorial covering it.

Created git tag 'cv-class#dev#1' that assigns stage to version 'v0.1.13'
To push the changes upstream, run:
    git push origin cv-class#dev#1
```

GTO created a Git tag with a special format that contains instruction to assign

> a stage to a version. We can push to Git repository to start the CI, but let's

Reviewer: Can this link to somewhere that explains the git tag contents? Or list the git tags in a code bloeck? Otherwise why mention this implementation detail?

Reviewer: > why mention this implementation detail? 

Thinking about this, I think we can completely remove the paragraph and merge the 2 code blocks (both `gto assign` and updated `gto show` in one.

We will mention git tags in the next section where the context makes more sense.

> a stage to a version. We can push to Git repository to start the CI, but let's
> ensure that changed our Registry first.

Reviewer: I would remove this part from here:

```suggestion
a stage to a version.
```

And put it after the code block...

```cli
$ gto show
╒══════════╤══════════╤═════════╤═════════╤════════════╕
│ name     │ latest   │ #dev    │ #prod   │ #staging   │
╞══════════╪══════════╪═════════╪═════════╪════════════╡
│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1  │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.1     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1  │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ v0.1.13 │ -       │ -          │
│ awesome  │ v0.0.1   │ -       │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧═════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

> The `gto show` output confirms our expectation.

Reviewer: > And put it after the code block...

Replacing this:

```suggestion
We can push to Git repository to start a CI job!
```

> Not sure "start a CI job" is the best phrase but I guess the next section will clarify anyway.

> ## Acting downstream

Reviewer: Not sure about the title (do people know what "downstream" means or refers to?). Can we brainstorm a little?

- React to stage assignments
- Integrate with GTO in CI/CD
- Artifact deployment

> ## Act on registrations and assignments in CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Act in CI/CD upon registrations and assignments
```

> The power of using Git tags to register versions and assign stages is simple: we
> can act upon them in well-known way - in CI/CD.

Reviewer: We can intro the git tag implementation detail here instead, an idea:

```suggestion
GTO [uses Git tags] to register artifact versions and assign them to stages. This
means we can act upon these operations in any Git-based system such as many
CI/CD platforms.
```

> Link `[uses Git tags]` to some guide (later).

<details>

### Click to set up a working repository to try this.

Let's fork the [example-gto repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto) repo
(you'll need a [GitHub](https://github.com/signup) account first). For CI/CD to
start, you'll need to enable it on the "Actions" page of your fork.

1. [Fork the repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/fork). Make sure you
   uncheck "Copy the `main` branch only" to copy Git tags as well:
   <img width="877" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6797716/199275275-439335f4-6f54-4cd7-910d-fc29ad3c095c.png">

> 2. Enable workflows in your repo, for a Git tag to trigger CI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable workflows in your repo for a new Git tag to trigger CI:
```

Is that the default behavior or does it imply more specific GH Action config?

Author: It's the default.

   <img width="869" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6797716/199272682-dfd628bf-9599-4e85-a623-bf4a10c3d7e1.png">

</details>

Let's do the same thing we did locally, but for your remote repo. Don't forget
to replace the URL:

```cli
$ gto assign cv-class --version v0.1.13 --stage dev \

>     --repo https://github.com/aguschin/example-gto

Reviewer: Hmmm. Weren't we already reacting to the previous `git assign`? Why do we have to assign again specifying a repo? Regardless, it's getting repetitive.

Author: Good point. Before we didn't push git tag - because we didn't have a forked repo.

Author: The alternative would be to run some commands like
```
$ git remote add origin $YOUR_FORKED_REPO
$ git push $TAG1 $TAG2
```

We can tell this is an alternative, or we can make it a default approach and mention the current approach as an alternative.

to replace `aguschin` with your username):

```cli
$ git remote update origin https://github.com/aguschin/example-gto
$ git push origin cv-class@v0.1.14 cv-class#dev#1
 * [new tag]         cv-class@v0.1.14 -> cv-class@v0.1.14
 * [new tag]         cv-class#dev#1 -> cv-class#dev#1
```

<details>

### Or just repeat the assignment for your new repo

We can do the same thing we did locally, but for your remote repo (don't forget
to replace `aguschin` with your username):

```cli
# since we didn't register a version on remote, GTO will do that for us:
$ gto assign cv-class --stage dev \
    --repo https://github.com/aguschin/example-gto

> Created git tag 'cv-class@v0.1.14' that registers a version

Reviewer: Why would `gto assign` create the `gto register` tag here? Is it done even if it already exists (which would be the case here)?

I'm not sure this output matches what the user would see when following the GS. See my concurrent suggestion where I edit it, but I didn't have time to actually try it (someone should double check).

Author: By default, assign creates a version, that's why the tag for version is created. In your case, it won't be created since it exists already.

Reviewer: Good to know 😬

> [the example-repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/actions).

Reviewer: This explanation is quite unclear TBH. And we seem to be missing a huge config step to get to anything close to that screenshot (https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/blob/main/.github/workflows/gto-act-on-tags.yml)

Reviewer: > missing a huge config step to get to anything close to that screenshot

That said it's OK if we decide that some examples will not be realistically reproducible, let's just decide that and be clear in the text about it.

> <details>
> 
> ### Or just repeat the assignment for your new repo
> 
> We can do the same thing we did locally, but for your remote repo (don't forget
> to replace `aguschin` with your username):
> 
> ```cli
> # since we didn't register a version on remote, GTO will do that for us:
> $ gto assign cv-class --stage dev \
>     --repo https://github.com/aguschin/example-gto
> Created git tag 'cv-class@v0.1.14' that registers a version
> Running `git push origin cv-class@v0.1.14`
> Successfully pushed git tag cv-class@v0.1.14 on remote.
> Created git tag 'cv-class#dev#1' that assigns stage to version 'v0.1.14'
> Running `git push origin cv-class#dev#1`
> Successfully pushed git tag cv-class#dev#1 on remote.
> ```
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: > ... so we can push the assignment with gto assign --repo (not as an alternative

Meaning:

````suggestion
Alternatively, GTO operations can target another `--repo` directly. Let's try
the [stage assignment](#assigning-stages) again for example, but on your
remote:

```cli
# Replace myuser with your GitHub user below.
$ gto assign cv-class --stage dev \
             --repo https://github.com/myuser/example-gto
Created git tag 'cv-class#dev#1' that assigns stage to version 'v0.1.14'
Running `git push origin cv-class#dev#1`
Successfully pushed git tag cv-class#dev#1 on remote.
```

Note that the tag is created locally first (if not present) and then pushed to
the target repo.
````

> I'm not sure about the right output here though... See contiguous comment.

> - If you want to learn about using DVC to keep your artifact binaries in remote

Reviewer: Minor but these seem more like misc. related links than next steps. What would be possible next steps actually? Creating registries? Other integrations?

- If you want to learn more about Studio, check out
  [Studio docs](https://dvc.org/doc/studio).
- If you want to learn about using MLEM to deploying your model upon GTO stage
  assignments, check out [MLEM docs](/doc/).

<!-- Adding a new artifact

> We just saw how to commit a new ML model to the repo. It's saved under

Reviewer: I see this is where `awesome` came from. Should probably put this back as the very first section (after initial `gto show).

> Git tags pushed trigger the
> [CI workflow](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/blob/main/.github/workflows/gto-act-on-tags.yml):
> 
> <img width="875" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6797716/199276636-bf996ad3-7d9c-4100-9f3c-6444730e4d19.png">
> 
> "GTO: figure out what was registered/promoted" step interprets the Git tag that
> triggered the workflow and passes the information to the next steps. The
> information is used later to trigger "Publish" or "Deploy" steps (since the CI
> on the screenshot was triggered by `cv-class#dev#1` Git tag, the "Publish" step
> was skipped).
> 
> If you want to see CI examples without reproducing this Get Started, you can
> check out them in
> [the example-repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/actions).

Reviewer: We can simplify this quite a bit if the above suggestions are committed. I'd also remove the image, leaving a link to the example repo workflows instead (but up to you on images):

```suggestion
<admon type="info">

To see what the example repo's [CI/CD jobs] look like, see its [GitHub Actions] page.

[ci/cd jobs]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/blob/main/.github/workflows/gto-act-on-tags.yml
[github actions]: https://github.com/iterative/example-gto/actions

</admon>
```

## What's next?

Thanks for completing this Get Started!

- Learn how to
  [specify important artifact's metainformation](/doc/gto/user-guide#annotations-in-artifactsyaml)
  like `path`, `type` and `description` in the Artifact registry.

> - Learn more about [acting in CI/CD](/doc/gto/user-guide#acting-downstream) upon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn more about [acting in CI/CD](/doc/gto/user-guide#acting-in-ci-cd) upon
```

  version registrations and stage assignments.
- Reach us out in [GH issues](https://github.com/iterative/gto/issues) or in
  [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N) to get your questions answered!

> 
> <!-- - To use DVC with GTO, check out [DVC docs](https://dvc.org/doc).
> - To deploy models upon GTO stage assignments, check out [MLEM docs](/doc/). -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Showing the current state

Assuming GTO is already [installed](/doc/gto/install) in your active Python
environment, let's clone the example repo:

```cli
$ git clone https://github.com/iterative/example-gto
$ cd example-gto
```

This repo represents a simple example of Machine Learning Model Registry. Let's
review it:

```cli
$ gto show
╒══════════╤══════════╤════════╤═════════╤════════════╕
│ name     │ latest   │ #dev   │ #prod   │ #staging   │
╞══════════╪══════════╪════════╪═════════╪════════════╡
│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1 │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.0     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1 │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ -      │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

Here we have 3 models: `churn`, `segment` and `cv-class`. The latest versions of
them are shown in the column named `latest`. The latest is selected as the one
having the greatest [SemVer](https://semver.org).

Model versions could be promoted to different stages. Here we have 3 of them:
`dev`, `prod` and `staging`. When a model was never promoted to a stage, we see
`-` in the field.

## Registering versions and assigning stages

> GTO can [register version](/doc/gto/command-reference/register) of artifacts and
> [assign stages to them](/doc/gto/command-reference/assign). Both functionalities

Reviewer: Tip: remember we can add the GTO commands to auto-link (I forget where that file is, maybe in the theme repo). Then we can just

```suggestion
You can `gto register` artifacts and `gto assign` them to stages. Both functionalities
```

Author: @iterative/websites could you please help to understand what should I do to make this work? What file should I change for `gto assign` to link to a docs page about that command?

Reviewer 2: The GTO setup seems different as the command reference is nested inside gto. 
So, we need a feature request to handle such a scenario.

Reviewer 2: I have created a ticket https://github.com/iterative/gatsby-theme-iterative/issues/122. We will set priority on next week planning.

To push the changes upstream, run:
    git push origin cv-class#dev#1
```

GTO created a Git tag with a special format that contains instruction to assign
a stage to a version. We can push to Git repository to start the CI, but let's
ensure that changed our Registry first.

```cli
$ gto show
╒══════════╤══════════╤═════════╤═════════╤════════════╕
│ name     │ latest   │ #dev    │ #prod   │ #staging   │
╞══════════╪══════════╪═════════╪═════════╪════════════╡
│ churn    │ v3.1.1   │ v3.1.1  │ v3.0.0  │ v3.1.1     │
│ segment  │ v0.4.1   │ v0.4.1  │ -       │ -          │
│ cv-class │ v0.1.13  │ v0.1.13 │ -       │ -          │
│ awesome  │ v0.0.1   │ -       │ -       │ -          │
╘══════════╧══════════╧═════════╧═════════╧════════════╛
```

The `gto show` output confirms our expectation.

## Acting downstream

The power of using Git tags to register versions and assign stages is simple: we
can act upon them in well-known way - in CI/CD.

To see how it works, let's fork the
[example-gto repo](https://github.com/iterative/example-gto) and push the tag we
just created to GitHub. For CI/CD to start, you'll need to enable them on the
"Actions" page of your fork.

<details>

> ### Step-by-step instruction to fork the repo and enable Github workflows

Reviewer: Also, the "and push the tag we just created to GitHub" info. doesn't seem to belong here. Should it go after the `<details>` section instead?
